	
  	
www.AsciiTable.com

	To add this page to your favorites, press (CTRL-D)

  	Ascii table <http://www.AsciiTable.com> 	EBCDIC and IBM Scan Codes
<http://www.LookupTables.com/ebcdic_scancodes.php> 	Web ASCII Codes
<http://www.LookupTables.com> 	Unicode Character Tables
<http://www.UnicodeTables.com> 	Very cheap domain registration from
Link2Me Hosting <http://Link2MeHosting.com> 	Useful Unit and measurement
converter <http://www.AllConversions.com> 	Great ringtones, logos and
screensavers for your mobile <http://ToneShop.com> 	Free Link Exchange
<http://Link2Me.com> 	Web Hosting Reviews
<http://www.lookuptables.com/webhostingmetrics.php> 	 

 

*ASCII stands for American Standard Code for Information Interchange.
Computers can only understand numbers, so an ASCII code is the numerical
representation of a character such as 'a' or '@' or an action of some
sort. ASCII was developed a long time ago and now the non-printing
characters are rarely used for their original purpose. Below is the
ASCII character table and this includes descriptions of the first 32
non-printing characters. ASCII was actually designed for use with
teletypes and so the descriptions are somewhat obscure. If someone says
they want your CV however in ASCII format, all this means is they want
'plain' text with no formatting such as tabs, bold or underscoring - the
raw format that any computer can understand. This is usually so they can
easily import the file into their own applications without issues.
Notepad.exe creates ASCII text, or in MS Word you can save a file as
'text only'*

 

*Extended ASCII Codes*
*As people gradually required computers to understand additional
characters and non-printing characters the ASCII set became restrictive.
As with most technology, it took a while to get a single standard for
these extra characters and hence there are few varying 'extended' sets.
The most popular is presented below.*


 


    * Dating <http://absoluteagency.com>
    * News <http://news.feed-reader.net/>
    * diet <http://www.sensational.com/diet/>
    * GPS Software <http://www.dantotec.de/GPS-Software>
    * microsoft excel training
      <http://www.microsofttraining.net/excel-training.php>
    * Magellan gps
      <http://www.myshopping.com.au/PT--245_GPS_Systems_Magellan__fs_2794_e__>

    * Online Wholesale <http://www.lightinthebox.com>
    * World Class Video Conferencing
      <http://www.nefsis.com/Best-Video-Conferencing-Software/index-internet-conferencing.html>

    * wheelchair vans <http://www.mobilitysales.com/>
    * broadband <http://www.broadband-expert.co.uk>



Snowboard Holiday Booking <http://www.snowboardholiday.com>

<http://www.residuallinks.com?refid=999999>
Get one free site via this link!

<http://link2me.com>

<http://lwww.mobilabc.com>


*How quick are you?*

*Press 'start', then press 'stop'
when the border goes*
*red*



*How good are you with a mouse? Test yourself here - from the time you
start ticking the boxes you have 20 seconds to tick as many as you can.
Click restart to clear the boxes and try again. Good luck!*

------------------------------------------------------------------------










------------------------------------------------------------------------

